Even less precision! (#170)
TodePond/DreamBerd: README.md

3 = 3.14! //true
```

> You can also use ` ` to be even less precise!
> 
> ```java
> 2  3! //true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use an semi-equals-sign (`–`) to be even less precise!

```java
2 – 3! //true
```
